README.md, before:

# react-twitter-embedded-timeline

Simple React component for Twitter Embedded Timeline

## Install

```shell
npm install --save react-twitter-embedded-timeline
```

## Example

![](http://i.imgur.com/jwu7yuK.png)

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import TwitterTimeline from 'react-twitter-embedded-timeline';

ReactDOM.render(
  <TwitterTimeline widgetId="695868534455275520" chrome="noborders noheader" height={300} />,
  document.getElementById('app')
);
```

## Required props

|Option    |Description                                                            |
|---       |---                                                                    |
|`widgetId`| Create a widget [here](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines)|

get the widget ID (e.g.  `<a data-widget-id="`**your widget ID**`">****</a>`)

## Optional props

You can highly customize the Timeline only if you set `widgetId`.

|Option  |Description                                                                  |
|---     |---                                                                          |
|`chrome`| `noheader`, `nofooter`, `noborders`, `noscrollbar`, `transparent`           |
|`limit` | Display a specific number of items between 1 and 20. The timeline is fixed. |
|`user`  | Your username on Twitter                                                    |
|`height`| See [#Dimensions](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines#dimensions)|
|`width` | See [#Dimensions](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines#dimensions)|

---

MIT licensed

Commit message:

Add a "loading" prop to customize the text shown while Twitter is loading the timeline.

README.md, after:

# react-twitter-embedded-timeline

Simple React component for Twitter Embedded Timeline

## Install

```shell
npm install --save react-twitter-embedded-timeline
```

## Example

![](http://i.imgur.com/jwu7yuK.png)

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import TwitterTimeline from 'react-twitter-embedded-timeline';

ReactDOM.render(
  <TwitterTimeline widgetId="695868534455275520" chrome="noborders noheader" height={300} />,
  document.getElementById('app')
);
```

## Required props

|Option    |Description                                                            |
|---       |---                                                                    |
|`widgetId`| Create a widget [here](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines)|

get the widget ID (e.g.  `<a data-widget-id="`**your widget ID**`">****</a>`)

## Optional props

You can highly customize the Timeline only if you set `widgetId`.

|Option   |Description                                                                  |
|---      |---                                                                          |
|`chrome` | `noheader`, `nofooter`, `noborders`, `noscrollbar`, `transparent`           |
|`limit`  | Display a specific number of items between 1 and 20. The timeline is fixed. |
|`user`   | Your username on Twitter                                                    |
|`height` | See [#Dimensions](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines#dimensions)|
|`width`  | See [#Dimensions](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-timelines#dimensions)|
|`loading`| The text to display while the Timeline is loading.                          |

---

MIT licensed
